# Ideas for Games
---
- [ ] **Mobile D&D game** that allows players and DMs to play interconnected. Using an isometric view and a building block like world highlighted with avatars for characters players will get to explore the world DMs create! DMs will be able to create premade adventures and/or adventures on the fly. With the ability to use active chats the DM can speak for any NPC at anytime and update and edit map and NPC details as the game is played! Create an app that allows access to a whole library of premade assets and allow for expansion packs to change up the flavor of adventure! Everything is editable!  Consider how procing can change between the Player edition and the DMs edition or if everyone should pay a standard price for the whole game.
- [ ] **Dennis and the grappling hook** There are many stories here to use as games. This one is a simple short game that explores mechanically the grappling hook mechanic. The story still needs to be worked out, but a stealth game that focuses on physics based grappling hook mechanics is the foundation for this title.
- [ ] **Dennis and the Forest** This title has Dennis explore a forest and the recent magical desease that is overcoming and twisting it's residents. You'll encounter several different magical creatures that will both help and hinder your progress. Each are in the forest is home to a specific mythical fauna that will guide you along your path (think foxes and birds from Tsushima) such as faeries, gnomes, trolls, and more! This game culminates in an incredible battle between Dennis and a massive golem made form the forest itself! The adventure will include favorites such as Betty, Silver, and Barkley the Tree Pirate.
- [ ] **Dennis and the Dragon Fighter** On one of Dennis' earliest adventures he goes to Mongolia to deal with a Dragon (which no Ninja has ever done before(unkown to him)) and has to work with a small village to get the Dragon to stop from taking all their supplies and leaving them hungry and poor. Meanwhile Dennis is hunted my the legendary Ninja: Info, who is jealous that Dennis has inherited the powers of the ten. Fight goblins, witches, mongol warriors, and local mythilogical creatures in this open world sand box where the end has you slay a Dragon as the whole map becomes your battle field! (Consider the location. It doesn't HAVE to be Mongolia, it could be China with the blacksmith character Yang Yang)